Now that you're familiar with the purpose of UML diagrams,
and we have established our assumptions for pet chopped up.
In the following sections,
I'll walk you through the different UML diagrams for this use case,
and then you'll get a chance to diagram a solution of your own.
Now let's start out by building our activity diagram.
For the purpose of the activity diagram is to represent
the flow of one activity to another in the system.
It captures the dynamic behavior of the system.
There are different methods to depict an activity diagram, but in our case,
we'll be using swimlanes which visually
clarifies which actor is responsible for which step.
In this case, the process and decisions are grouped into
lanes of whom the actors or the breeder and the owner.
Now let's zoom into the activities of each actor.
For the breeder starting at the start symbol,
they're going to raise the pet,
and then provide the proper vaccinations when needed.
Once the pet is ready for adoption,
the breeder post the pet online for potential adopters to review.
When the adopter applications come through,
the breeder will review the applications and decide
on awesome new potential adopter whom they get to meet.
Once the adoption is finalized,
the owner gets to adopt a wonderful new pet into their home.
Now before we continue to our sequence diagram I'd like you to take some time to
practice designing your own simple activity diagram for a blockchain solution.
Doing so will help you begin thinking about how to
design the architecture for your capstone project,
for which you'll need to submit UML diagrams.
It's okay if the idea that you're working on now isn't your final project.
Doing this practice will help you recognize things to
watch out for and find out critical information,
such as who are the actors,
what is the business process,
and what are the attributes of this acid.
Additionally, these are the same thought processes that you'll go
through when working as a blockchain developer on any application.
Get as much practice as you can now,
so that when it comes time to draft that big project you'll be reading.